I folks welcome to the one of our fire
reviews mr. we'll look at it probably
one of the most interesting looking
boards in the ladder to be honest then I
must admit this looks a lot better in
the flesh than it did when I first
checked it online this is the activating
model now you can almost put this into
two halves the front half is very
similar to what we know it's a Dominator
the real half is completely different
something very new you can really see
those differences running to the tail
obviously coming up Aaron this is a 57
this board so it's relatively small 19 a
half x to the quarter and this is going
to be a little pocket rocket for
anything from say two to three maybe
four foot and this board is going to
actually fly it the difference then
between dominator in this model is
obviously in this second half of the
board we've got this double wing tail
and down into more of a moon tail shape
really they call it a coughing tail and
whichever way you want to look at it
it's going to be quite progressive and
it's going to work really well in
poverty surf and all if you surf in
average ways but you want to be surfing
back in the pocket it's going to fit in
very nicely and it's moving away from
the round of white tail with the
Dominator so you're not going to have
quite as much speed drive and put the
dominating would suit the more
intermediate surfer and this is going to
work better for the slightly more either
hand forward sir for high performance
server the double win is narrowing the
tail and very quickly so an average surf
with your back foot placed here you've
still got good thickness and width so
you've got food flotation good drive etc
as you step further and further back
you're actually in a run of relatively
high performance thin tail which is
going to our the board to turn much
easier much quicker and really allow you
to maximize tight in the pockets
whether you be a new top turn to
cutbacks now even borrow writing and
it's going to hold better than say the
standard Dominator tale so it's
basically going to be a loser version
and possibly slightly faster through the
turns and a hell of a lot more
maneuverable from rail to rail and very
interesting tale shape and again as I
said it looks strange does look strange
but in the flesh it looks like it really
will work rub your eyes from the front
we're looking very much similar to the
standard Dominator fossil be slightly
more and very tip of the nose is to help
this boiling smaller r & P waves which
obviously tell chef going to work better
in underneath relatively flat right from
the subtle single concave through this
section on the board here just pushing
more through actually to be quite honest
very flat throughout really and it's
just going to be nice and fast and roll
edge is definitely locked sharp through
the tail section nicely rounded and
smooth quite far back to be further this
model so it's just going to allow the
board to track through its turn when
you're not maybe quite up to speed it
will just be quite forgiving and in
terms of the longer models on this blog
very forgettable with this tail shape if
you're adding with your back foot in
this area you've always got the word
flotation speed etc but as you progress
through the board you've got the ability
to step further back so I mean this is
available from 55 to 71 so in the longer
models you're going to get a very
progressive board and the shorter models
you're going to get high performance
board that's going to work really well
in small average surf it will still go
all the way overhead but it's going to
lend itself best to small pocket e surf
and you'll maximize those kind of
conditions and FST construction and
obviously a parabolic rail it's going to
keep the board lightweight strong and
responsive and three things are always
going to help you surfing but and this
is a brand-new model activator
lots of exchange it looks like it will
work very very well and I think we've
seen a lot of these in the water and
there's some available online now thanks
for watching